Migration guide for tabs (#1503)
contentful/forma-36: MIGRATION.md

<Tabs defaultTab="first">
  <Tabs.List variant="vertical-divider">
    <Tabs.Tab panelId="first">First</Tabs.Tab>
    <Tabs.Tab panelId="second">Second</Tabs.Tab>
    <Tabs.Tab panelId="third">Third</Tabs.Tab>
  </Tabs.List>
  <Tabs.Panel id="first">Content for the first tab</Tabs.Panel>
  <Tabs.Panel id="second">Content for the second tab</Tabs.Panel>
  <Tabs.Panel id="third">Content for the third tab</Tabs.Panel>
</Tabs>;
```

It's also possible to use `Tabs` as a controlled component. Here is the example:

```tsx static=true
import { Tabs } from '@contentful/f36-components';

() => {
  const [currentTab, setCurrentTab] = React.useState('first');
  return (
    <Tabs currentTab={currentTab} onTabChange={setCurrentTab}>
      <Tabs.List>
        <Tabs.Tab panelId="first">First</Tabs.Tab>
        <Tabs.Tab panelId="second">Second</Tabs.Tab>
        <Tabs.Tab panelId="third">Third</Tabs.Tab>
      </Tabs.List>
      <Tabs.Panel id="first">content first tab</Tabs.Panel>
      <Tabs.Panel id="second">content second tab</Tabs.Panel>
      <Tabs.Panel id="third">content third tab</Tabs.Panel>
    </Tabs>
  );
};
```

#### How to migrate your Grid components

> With the sagnificant changes to Tabs API, we don't have a codemod to migrate this component. This will have to be done manually. From this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because of the significant changes done to the Tabs API, you cannot run a codemod to migrate this component. You must manually migrate the Tabs component by replacing:
```

```tsx static=true
import { Tabs, Tab, TabPanel } from '@contentful/forma-36-react-components';

() => {
  const [selected, setSelected] = useState('first');

  const onSelect = (id) => {
    setSelected(id);
  }

  return (
    <div>
      <Tabs>
        <Tab
          id="first"
          selected={selected === 'first'}
          onSelect={onSelect}
        >
          First
        </Tab>
        <Tab
          id="second"
          selected={selected === 'second'}
          onSelect={onSelect}
        >
          Second
        </Tab>
      </Tabs>
      {selected === 'first' && (
        <TabPanel id="first">content first tab</TabPanel>
      )}
      {selected === 'second' && (
        <TabPanel id="second">content second tab</TabPanel>
      )}
    </div>
```

> to just this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with:
```

```tsx static=true
import { Tabs } from '@contentful/f36-components';

<Tabs defaultTab="first">
  <Tabs.List>
    <Tabs.Tab panelId="first">First</Tabs.Tab>
    <Tabs.Tab panelId="second">Second</Tabs.Tab>
  </Tabs.List>
  <Tabs.Panel id="first">content first tab</Tabs.Panel>
  <Tabs.Panel id="second">content second tab</Tabs.Panel>
</Tabs>;
```

> or, if you would like to keep the cotrolled version, you can make it this way:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To keep the controlled version use:
```

() => {
  const [selected, setSelected] = useState('first');

  const onSelect = (id) => {
    setSelected(id);
  }

  return (
    <div>
      <Tabs>
        <Tab
          id="first"
          selected={selected === 'first'}
          onSelect={onSelect}
        >
          First
        </Tab>
        <Tab
          id="second"
          selected={selected === 'second'}
          onSelect={onSelect}
        >
          Second
        </Tab>
      </Tabs>
      {selected === 'first' && (
        <TabPanel id="first">content first tab</TabPanel>
      )}
      {selected === 'second' && (
        <TabPanel id="second">content second tab</TabPanel>
      )}
    </div>
```

with:

```tsx static=true
import { Tabs } from '@contentful/f36-components';

<Tabs defaultTab="first">
  <Tabs.List>
    <Tabs.Tab panelId="first">First</Tabs.Tab>
    <Tabs.Tab panelId="second">Second</Tabs.Tab>
  </Tabs.List>
  <Tabs.Panel id="first">content first tab</Tabs.Panel>
  <Tabs.Panel id="second">content second tab</Tabs.Panel>
</Tabs>;
```

To keep the controlled version use:

```tsx static=true
import { Tabs } from '@contentful/f36-components';

() => {

>   const [currentTab, setCurrentTab] = React.useState('first');
> 
>   const onSelect = (id) => {
>     setSelected(id);
>   };
> 
>   return (
>     <Tabs currentTab={currentTab} onTabChange={onSelect}>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  const [currentTab, setCurrentTab] = React.useState('first');

  return (
    <Tabs currentTab={currentTab} onTabChange={setCurrentTab}>
```
